Limit DNS Takeover: Documentation (#796)
dnsimple/dnsimple-developer: content/v2/domains.markdown

Responds with [HTTP 402](/v2#payment-required) if the account has outstanding payments.

> Reponds with **HTTP 406** if a domain ownership verification is required. To verify ownership, delegate the domain to the verification name servers displayed in the error message. You will receive an email when the domain ownership is verified. Verifications expire after 48 hours.

Author: I want to write this, but it seems wordy:

```suggestion
Reponds with **HTTP 406** if a domain ownership verification is required to add the zone to your account. To verify ownership, delegate the domain to the verification name servers displayed in the error message. You will receive an email when the domain ownership is verified. Verifications expire after 48 hours.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Responds with **HTTP 406** if domain ownership must be verified prior to adding the zone to your account. To verify ownership, delegate the domain to the verification name servers displayed in the error message. You will receive an email when the domain ownership is verified. Verifications expire after 48 hours.
```
